Update zero-hour-auto-purge.md (#12538)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/zero-hour-auto-purge.md

> [!NOTE]
> ZAP for Microsoft Teams is available only to customers with Microsoft Defender for Office 365 E5 and Defender for Office P2 subscriptions.
>

> > Currently, ZAP is available for internal messages that are identified as malware or high confidence phishing. Bloacking of potentially malicious messages by ZAP will only be support for Teams Chats. Channels and external messages are currently not supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, ZAP is available for internal messages that are identified as malware or high-confidence phishing. Blocking of potentially malicious messages by ZAP is only supported for Teams Chats. Channels and external messages are currently not supported. 
```
